[DO NOT MERGE] Table and AdvancedTable doc cleanup (#2673)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/table/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Columns

### Header labels

Header labels should:

- Be clear and concise. 
- Imply the content type within the column cells, e.g., string, number, status, etc.
- Use sentence-case.

### Tooltips within headers

If header labels require more context, use a [Tooltip](/components/tooltip). Use them sparingly.

It may be useful to include additional context in a tooltip when:

- The label contains a product or HashiCorp-specific term.
- The label refers to a setting that can be changed elsewhere in the application.

![Tooltips in a Header Column](/assets/components/table/table-tooltip-example.png)

!!! Dont

Avoid including a tooltip for all or most header labels. This can add visual clutter and increase cognitive load.

![Tooltips in every column in a table](/assets/components/table/table-tooltip-dont.png)
!!!

### Column sorting

- Sorting is not necessary for all content types. Use it thoughtfully.
- Tables may only be sorted by a single column at a time.

![Header column sorting](/assets/components/table/table-sorting.png)

### Column alignment

- Content alignment impacts the readability and speed at which users can effectively parse information. 

> - The chosen alignment method will depend on the table's purpose, the cell's content, and its position within the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The chosen alignment method will depend on the table’s purpose, the cell’s content, and its position within the table.
```

#### Start alignment

Align content to the start by default. This ensures readability across different content types and content of varying lengths.

Use `start` alignment for:

- Text-based content, e.g., unique identifiers, names, etc.

> - Numerical values that don't contain decimals or floating point numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Numerical values that don’t contain decimals or floating point numbers.
```

- Numerical values that contain periods or other delimiter characters, e.g., IP addresses.
- Nested components that display a text value, e.g., a [Badge](/components/badge).

![Start alignment of content within a table](/assets/components/table/start-alignment-example.png)

#### End alignment

When expressing numerical values with decimals, align content to the end. This aligns the decimal places vertically.

Use `end` alignment for:

- Financial information and currency.
- Fractional and floating point values.

![End alignment of content within a table](/assets/components/table/end-alignment-example.png)

Use `end` alignment in the last column of a table to:

- Include an overflow action, e.g., a "more options" button.
- Visually flank a row with content of a similar length, e.g., timestamps, TTL (time-to-live) values, dates.

![End alignment example within a table with a date and more options](/assets/components/table/end-alignment-example-02.png)

!!! Dont

> Don’t align content that's variable in length to the end. This makes the content difficult to read by forcing an unnatural [reading pattern](/patterns/button-organization?tab=research#layout-and-reading-patterns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t align content that’s variable in length to the end. This makes the content difficult to read by forcing an unnatural [reading pattern](/patterns/button-organization?tab=research#layout-and-reading-patterns).
```

![Example of centered content within a table](/assets/components/table/center-justified-alignment.png)
!!!

### Column placement

Column placement determines the styling based on where the column is placed in the Table. _Column placement is a Figma-only property._

![Table column placement example](/assets/components/table/table-col-placement.png)

## Rows

### Striped tables

!!! Info

Striped rows use a subtle background color to differentiate from non-striped rows. Ensure that content within striped rows meets color contrast requirements.
!!!

We recommend using striping for its added usability benefits.

- Striping increases the ability to scan, especially for large datasets with many rows.
- Striping increases legibility when the data type is similar between columns, e.g., columns that contain mostly text or numerical data.

![Table striping examples](/assets/components/table/table-striping.png)

> Striping should start in the second row so there's a differentiation between the table header and the first row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Striping should start in the second row so there’s a differentiation between the table header and the first row.
```
